optimist to build to hold tight I'm on
my way
I don't have time to play right now
you're gonna have to fill in these
bottles
on the road for you Optimus Prime
Decepticons company mode
oh my god Transpo now we'll see you here
beta we let those who Potts crimes
better call skirts this is an emergency
human lives are at stake
get out of my way very touching here is
my answer
ruination really clobbered you that time
he sure did coach ruination is a
powerful adversary these guys have been
our enemies for so long it's hard to
imagine they were once idolized the
Dillards parts were warped by Megatron
if only we find him sooner
we couldn't have we didn't even know
they were on earth until we decoded
dad's microchip but by then Megatron had
already found their spaceship they were
defenseless protoforms still in their
stasis pods sounds like someone got here
before we did I'll be hornswoggled it's
a spaceship all right
and it's from Cybertron but the real
surprises later when he found out what
was inside
there are transformers in that ship and
it looks like their pods are still
intact we've got to get the ship back to
headquarters immediately and excellent
idea
Optimus you and the Autobots are welcome
to do whatever you wish with that
spacecraft but they are the but crew
members aren't part of the deal they're
mine now forget it Megatron
but be assured you'll be seeing your
friends again there is soon at the other
end of a laser beam letting Megatron
kidnapped those protoforms as the
greatest blunder I ever made there was
no way you could have stopped a
posthumous and by the time you caught up
to him on that army base he was already
carrying out his plan the dark day
indeed our protoforms will scan the most
powerful vehicles and within a few
minutes become the mightiest combat
force this planet has ever known check
the pods to the army base and start the
scanning process
and now I should have checked my spark
energy into the puzzle form
Optimus Prime transform
mega octane transform Dominus octane the
first Decepticon what
my name's Optimus Prime I'm the leader
of our kind here on earth and then their
name allow me to welcome you to your new
home
No
what is Megatron done to you hahaha
you're wasting your breath optimus he
will listen to you he's a Decepticon now
and loyal only to me and very soon now
the others will join him their firepower
combined with my leadership will make
the Decepticons unstoppable you feel
It's Showtime guys we've gotta stop them
now
before they all become Decepticons well
I think again Auto box
hold them off pick up our fill vehicles
and begin scanning
that tank will make a great Decepticon
your turn dark streams that hit a
contest
our strange
station Decepticon
well done under my leadership he will
become a mighty warrior
Decepticon transform
there's only one pot left have got too
much firepower Optimus we'd never get to
it in time
and soon the mass of your fellow
Autobots
that tanker is the one they used to
refill the space shuttle it's loaded
with 10,000 gallons of rocket fuel the
energy in that rocket film will make it
the most powerful Decepticon of them all
behold your mighty enemy is about to
take four
- I cannot begin scanning that tanker
now witness the genesis of your
destruction
transform
you are infused by spa but also that of
Optimus how you Decepticon or are you
Autobot I have only one purpose serve
Megatron Decepticon is time to prepare
for combat transform yes